docs: Add README.md to packages (#135)
devex-web-frontend/dx-platform: packages/lint/README.md

[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/devex-web-frontend/dx-platform/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/devex-web-frontend/dx-platform) ![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@devexperts/lint.svg?style=flat-square) 
## @devexperts/lint

> Infrastucture confuguration files, to have consistent linting rules across different Devexperts frontend team projects. Those files are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infrastructure configuration files, to have consistent linting rules across different Devexperts frontend team projects. Those files are:
```
